Migration guide polish and examples (#10889)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/version-guides/migrating-from-v11-to-v12.md

description: Polaris v12.0.0 prop replacement, removal of components, renamed components, and token changes.
navTitle: v12
icon: ColorsMajor
collapsibleTOC: true
order: 1
---

# {frontmatter.title}

<Lede>{frontmatter.description}</Lede>

## Getting started

> Upgrading to Polaris v12 from v11 requires several automated and manual migrations of token, component, and component prop names that have been removed, replaced, or renamed. The bulk of migrations are automated using the [@shopify/polaris-migrator](/tools/polaris-migrator) CLI tool, with the edge cases handled by find and replace in your code editor using provided RegExpes. You can reference the [recommended migration workflow](#migration-workflow) or [glossary](#glossary) sections for additional migration support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading to Polaris v12 from v11 requires several automated and manual migrations of token, component, and component prop names that have been removed, replaced, or renamed. The bulk of migrations are automated using the [@shopify/polaris-migrator](/tools/polaris-migrator) CLI tool, with the edge cases handled by find and replace in your code editor using provided RegExp searches. You can reference the [recommended migration workflow](#migration-workflow) or [glossary](#glossary) sections for additional migration support.
```

Not on v11 yet either? Check out our other [migration guides](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/tree/main/documentation/guides) to get up to date.

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'Upgrade to v12',
    className: 'language-bash',

>     code: `npm install @shopify/polaris@12.0.0\n# oryarn add @shopify/polaris@12.0.0`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: `npm install @shopify/polaris@12.0.0\n# or\nyarn add @shopify/polaris@12.0.0`,
```

  }}
/>

> > Note: If you've installed `polaris-icon`, [`stylelint-polaris`](https://polaris.shopify.com/tools/stylelint-polaris#version-matchups), or `polaris-tokens` independently, you will also need to upgrade those to the versions we released along with v12.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If you've installed `polaris-icons`, [`stylelint-polaris`](https://polaris.shopify.com/tools/stylelint-polaris#version-matchups), or `polaris-tokens` independently, you will also need to upgrade those to the versions we released along with v12.0.0.
```

## Migration workflow

When running token and component migrations, we recommend the following workflow:

### 1️⃣ Automated migrations using Polaris Migrator

Follow the migration guide sections below where we have the [@shopify/polaris-migrator](/tools/polaris-migrator) commands scaffolded for you to paste into your terminal. Be sure to update the `<path>` placeholder in the commands to your own app's relevant path, e.g., `{app,packages}/**/*.{css,scss}`. The file extensions can be adjusted depending on what migrations you are running. For example, component migrations can be run on `*.{ts,tsx}` files while token migrations can be run on `*.{css,scss}` files.

```bash
# Example migration
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator ...
# Stash files with "polaris-migrator:" comments
git stash push $(grep -r -l "polaris-migrator:" $(git ls-files -m))
# Stage all migrated files without "polaris-migrator:" comments
git add .
# Format staged files only
git diff --staged --name-only | xargs npx prettier --write
#  Commit automatic migration
git commit -m "Migrate X custom properties from Polaris v11 to v12"
```

> The polaris migrator could insert comments or skip instances that are unsafe to automatically migrate. You will resolve those issues in the next manual migration step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The polaris migrator could insert comments or skip instances that are unsafe to automatically migrate. You will need to resolve those issues in the next manual migration step.
```

### 2️⃣ Manual migrations using migrator comments and RegExp code search

> Now, you need to validate the automatic migration and manually update any outstanding issues. The migration guide sections may have additional resources to help you resolve the migrations manually, such as `💡 Migration example`s, `➡️ Replacement mappings` tables, and descriptions of what the automated migrations are doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you need to validate the automatic migration and manually update any outstanding issues. The migration guide sections may have additional resources to help you resolve the migrations manually, such as `💡 Migration example`, `➡️ Replacement mappings` tables, and descriptions of what the automated migrations are doing.
```

#### Resolve `polaris-migrator:` comments

Unstash the polaris migrator comments if you stashed any in step 1.

```bash
git stash pop
```

Go through each of the changed files and search for `polaris-migrator:` comments. Migrate the instance the comment refers to, then delete the comment.

#### Validate with RegExp

> Next, search for each of the token RegExpes which are found under the `✅ Post-migration RegExp validation` toggle in the guide. Update any outstanding migrations until there are no more results for the RegExp search. If you're unsure on how to search in a code editor using RegExp, check out the [glossary](#glossary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, search for each of the token RegExp searches which are found under the `✅ Post-migration RegExp validation` toggle in the guide. Update any outstanding migrations until there are no more results for the RegExp search. If you're unsure on how to search in a code editor using RegExp, check out the [glossary](#glossary).
```

```bash
# Stage all manually migrated files
git add .
# Format staged files only
git diff --staged --name-only | xargs npx prettier --write
# Optional: run stylelint if using stylelint-polaris and running migrations on stylesheets
npx stylelint <path>
#  Commit manual migrations
git commit -m "Manually migrate X custom properties from Polaris v11 to v12"
```

### Glossary

<CollapsibleDetails summary="Descriptions and resources for some terms in this guide">

- **`<path>`**: [glob](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)>) path for the `polaris-migrator` to run codemods on. e.g.: `{app,packages}/**/*.{css,scss}`
- **[@shopify/polaris-migrator](/tools/polaris-migrator)**: CLI codemod tool to do the bulk of migrations for you

> - **Automatic migration or codemod**: A transformation that run on your codebase programmatically. They are used to make mass updates to code automatically without having to go through every file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic migration or codemod**: A transformation that runs on your codebase programmatically. These are used to execute a bulk of the necessary migrations on your codebase to reduce the amount of manual migrations needed
```

- **[RegExp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression)**: Short for regular expression, a sequence of characters used to match text. If you use a code editor like VSCode, you can follow a tutorial like [this one](https://itnext.io/vscode-find-and-replace-regex-super-powers-c7f8be0fa80f) to learn how to search your code using RegExp
- **✅ Post-migration RegExp validation**: After you run an automated migration using the `polaris-migrator`, the migrator may quick exit or miss edge cases. You can use the RegExp search snippets to find and manually migrate the stragglers
- **➡️ Token replacement mappings (or other mapping tables)**: These tables show you at a glance what our migrators are finding and replacing. They are useful to cross reference when dealing with edge cases and manual migrations

> - **🔔 Stepped migration**: These are migrations that have to be done in order because they have overlapping mappings. We will break out the migrations into steps for you
> - **💡 Migration example**: A simple diff showing how the migration should be modifying your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **🔔 Stepped migration**: These are migrations that must be run in a specific order due to overlapping replacement values. These migrations have been broken out into steps that can be targeted using the `--step` flag when running the migration
- **💡 Migration example**: A simple diff showing how the migration should be modifying your code
- ```

```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Step 2: Replace `subdued` prop with `tone`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="IndexTable.Row" --from="subdued" --to="tone" --toValue="subdued"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <IndexTable.Row subdued="..." /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<IndexTable\.Row[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?subdued`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <IndexTable.Row subdued />
+ <IndexTable.Row tone="subdued" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### Layout.Section

#### Replace `oneThird` prop with `variant="oneThird"`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Layout.Section" --from="oneThird" --to="variant" --toValue="oneThird"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section oneThird/> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section oneThird /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Layout\.Section[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?oneThird`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Layout.Section oneThird>
+ <Layout.Section variant="oneThird">
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `oneHalf` prop with `variant="oneHalf"`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Layout.Section" --from="oneHalf" --to="variant" --toValue="oneHalf"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section oneHalf/> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section oneHalf /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Layout\.Section[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?oneHalf`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Layout.Section oneHalf>
+ <Layout.Section variant="oneHalf">
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `fullWidth` prop with `variant="fullWidth"`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Layout.Section" --from="fullWidth" --to="variant" --toValue="fullWidth"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section fullWidth/> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section fullWidth /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Layout\.Section[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?fullWidth`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Layout.Section fullWidth>
+ <Layout.Section variant="fullWidth">
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `secondary` prop with `variant="oneThird"`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Layout.Section" --from="secondary" --to="variant" --toValue="oneThird"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section secondary/> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Layout.Section secondary /> prop`,
```

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Box" --from="borderRadiusEndStart" --to="borderEndStartRadius"`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Box" --from="borderRadiusEndEnd" --to="borderEndEndRadius"`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Box" --from="borderRadiusStartStart" --to="borderStartStartRadius"`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Box" --from="borderRadiusStartEnd" --to="borderStartEndRadius"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusEndStart /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusEndStart="..." /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadiusEndStart`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusEndEnd /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusEndEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadiusEndEnd`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusStartStart /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusStartStart="..." /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadiusStartStart`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusStartEnd /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadiusStartEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadiusStartEnd`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Box borderRadiusEndStart="2" borderRadiusEndEnd="2" borderRadiusStartStart="2" borderRadiusStartEnd="2" />
+ <Box borderEndStartRadius="2" borderEndEndRadius="2" borderStartStartRadius="2" borderStartEndRadius="2" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### HorizontalStack

#### Rename `HorizontalStack` component to `InlineStack`

> Directional components now use `Inline` and `Block` which are defined by [CSS logical properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values). This is to be consistent with other Polaris component APIs as well as wider web conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directional components now use `Inline` and `Block` naming conventions which are defined by [CSS logical properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values). This ensures consistency with other Polaris component APIs as well as wider web conventions.
```

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component <path> --renameFrom="HorizontalStack" --renameTo="InlineStack" --renamePropsFrom="HorizontalStackProps" --renamePropsTo="InlineStackProps"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <HorizontalStack /> component`,
    code: String.raw`HorizontalStack`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <HorizontalStack />
+ <InlineStack />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### VerticalStack

#### Rename `VerticalStack` component to `BlockStack`

> Directional components now use `Inline` and `Block` which are defined by [CSS logical properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values). This is to be consistent with other Polaris component APIs as well as wider web conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directional components now use `Inline` and `Block` naming conventions which are defined by [CSS logical properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values). This ensures consistency with other Polaris component APIs as well as wider web conventions.
```

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component <path> --renameFrom="VerticalStack" --renameTo="BlockStack" --renamePropsFrom="VerticalStackProps" --renamePropsTo="BlockStackProps"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <VerticalStack /> component`,
    code: String.raw`VerticalStack`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <VerticalStack />
+ <BlockStack />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### HorizontalGrid

#### Rename `HorizontalGrid` component to `InlineGrid`

> Directional components now use `Inline` and `Block` which are defined by [CSS logical properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values). This is to be consistent with other Polaris component APIs as well as wider web conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directional components now use `Inline` and `Block` naming conventions which are defined by [CSS logical properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_logical_properties_and_values). This ensures consistency with other Polaris component APIs as well as wider web conventions.
```

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component <path> --renameFrom="HorizontalGrid" --renameTo="InlineGrid" --renamePropsFrom="HorizontalGridProps" --renamePropsTo="InlineGridProps"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <HorizontalGrid /> component`,
    code: String.raw`HorizontalGrid`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <HorizontalGrid />
+ <InlineGrid />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### Button

#### Consolidate boolean props to `variant` and `tone`

> Button has consolidated and deprecated the `connectedDisclosure`, `outline`, `destructive`, `primarySuccess`, `removeUnderline`, and `monochrome` props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Button` component has been updated to replace deprecated `connectedDisclosure`, `outline`, `destructive`, `primary`, `primarySuccess`, `plain`, and `monochrome` props with a new `variant` prop that supports multiple variation options.
```

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Button primary /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<Button[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?primary`,
  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Button primarySuccess /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<Button[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?primarySuccess`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="➡️ Prop consolidation mappings">

| Old variant                         | New variant                                                                                                            |
| ----------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `plain=true`                        | `variant="plain"`                                                                                                      |
| `primary=true`                      | `variant="primary"`                                                                                                    |
| `primary=true` + `plain=true`       | `variant="tertiary"`                                                                                                   |

> | `monochrome=true` + `plain=true`    | `variant="monochromePlain"` \* This will be deprecated in a future release, please use a different variant if possible |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `monochrome=true` + `plain=true`    | `variant="monochromePlain"` \* <br/>This will be deprecated in a future release, please use a different variant if possible |
```

| `outline=true`                      |                                                                                                                        |

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Button plain />
+ <Button variant="plain" />
- <Button primary />
+ <Button variant="primary" />
- <Button primary plain />
+ <Button variant="tertiary" />
- <Button monochrome plain />
+ <Button variant="monochromePlain" />
- <Button destructive />
+ <Button variant="primary" tone="critical" />
- <Button primarySuccess />
+ <Button variant="primary" tone="success" />
- <Button destructive plain />
+ <Button variant="plain" tone="critical" />
- <Button destructive />
+ <Button variant="primary" tone="critical" />
- <Button primarySuccess />
+ <Button variant="primary" tone="success" />
- <Button destructive outline />
+ <Button tone="critical" />
- <Button destructive plain />
+ <Button variant="plain" tone="critical" />
- <Button monochrome />
+ <Button />
- <Button outline />
+ <Button />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 How to manually update `connectedDisclosure` example">

> Also [see the updated split example](/components/actions/button)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [updated split example](/components/actions/button) can also be referenced as an example for this manual migration.
```

```diff
- <Button connectedDisclosure />
+ <ButtonGroup variant="segmented">
+   <Button />
+   <Button icon={ChevronDownMinor} />
+ </ButtonGroup>
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### ButtonGroup

#### Replace `spacing` prop with `gap`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="ButtonGroup" --from="spacing" --to="gap"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <ButtonGroup spacing /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <ButtonGroup spacing="..." /> prop`,
```

- <ButtonGroup spacing="tight" />
+ <ButtonGroup gap="tight" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `segmented` prop to `variant="segmented"`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="ButtonGroup" --from="segmented" --to="variant" --toValue="segmented"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <ButtonGroup segmented /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<ButtonGroup[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?segmented`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <ButtonGroup segmented />
+ <ButtonGroup variant="segmented" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### Banner

#### Replace `status` prop with `tone`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Banner" --from="status" --to="tone"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Banner status /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Banner status="..." /> prop`,
```

```diff
- <Modal large />
+ <Modal size="large" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `fullScreen` prop with `variant="fullScreen"`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Modal" --from="fullScreen" --to="size" --toValue="fullScreen"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Modal fullScreen /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<Modal[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?fullScreen`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Modal fullScreen />
+ <Modal size="fullScreen" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### List

#### Replace `spacing` prop with `gap`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="List" --from="spacing" --to="gap"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <List spacing /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <List spacing="..." /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<List[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?spacing`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <List spacing="loose" />
+ <List gap="loose" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### DescriptionList

#### Replace `spacing` prop with `gap`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="DescriptionList" --from="spacing" --to="gap"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <DescriptionList spacing /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <DescriptionList spacing="..." /> prop`,
```

    code: String.raw`<DescriptionList[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?spacing`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <DescriptionList spacing="loose" />
+ <DescriptionList gap="loose" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### AppProvider

> The `AppProvider`'s `features` prop no longer accepts the keys `polarisSummerEditions2023` and `polarisSummerEditions2023ShadowBevelOptOut`. You should be able to remove the `features` prop completely from your Polaris `AppProvider` since there aren't any feature flags in Polaris for v12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AppProvider` `features` prop no longer accepts the keys `polarisSummerEditions2023` and `polarisSummerEditions2023ShadowBevelOptOut`. If these were the only features passed into your `AppProvider`, you can safely remove the `features` prop completely from your Polaris `AppProvider`. If that is not the case, you will need to remove the features specifically related to `polarisSummerEditions2023` and `polarisSummerEditions2023ShadowBevelOptOut` from being passed into the `features` prop.
```

```diff
- <List spacing="loose" />
+ <List gap="loose" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### DescriptionList

#### Replace `spacing` prop with `gap`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="DescriptionList" --from="spacing" --to="gap"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <DescriptionList spacing /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<DescriptionList[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?spacing`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <DescriptionList spacing="loose" />
+ <DescriptionList gap="loose" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

### AppProvider

The `AppProvider`'s `features` prop no longer accepts the keys `polarisSummerEditions2023` and `polarisSummerEditions2023ShadowBevelOptOut`. You should be able to remove the `features` prop completely from your Polaris `AppProvider` since there aren't any feature flags in Polaris for v12.

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{

>     title: `Check RegExp for outdated <AppProvider features /> prop`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <AppProvider features={...} /> prop`,
```

#### Step 1: Replace `color` prop with `tone`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Icon" --from="color" --to="tone"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Icon color="..." /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Icon color="success" />
+ <Icon tone="success" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Step 2: Replace `warning` tone with `caution`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Icon" --from="tone" --to="tone" --fromValue="warning" --toValue="caution"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Icon color="warning" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color?="warning"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color="warning"`,
```

  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Icon color="warning" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?tone?="warning"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?tone="warning"`,
```

  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Icon color="warning" />
- <Icon tone="warning" />
+ <Icon tone="caution" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Step 3: Replace `highlight` tone with `info`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Icon" --from="tone" --to="tone" --fromValue="highlight" --toValue="info"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Icon color="highlight" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color?="highlight"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color="highlight"`,
```

  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Icon color="highlight" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?tone?="highlight"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Icon[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?tone="highlight"`,
```

#### Step 1: Replace `color` prop with `tone`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Text" --from="color" --to="tone"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Text color="..." /> prop`,
    code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color`,
  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Text color="success" />
+ <Text tone="success" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Step 2: Replace `warning` tone with `caution`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Text" --from="tone" --to="tone" --fromValue="warning" --toValue="caution"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Text color="warning" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color?="warning"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color="warning"`,
```

  }}
/>

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Text color="warning" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?tone?="warning"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?tone="warning"`,
```

  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Text color="warning" />
- <Text tone="warning" />
+ <Text tone="caution" />
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `headingXs` prop with `headingSm`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Text" --from="variant" --to="variant" --fromValue="headingXs" --toValue="headingSm"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Text variant="headingXs" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?variant?="headingXs"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?variant="headingXs"`,
```

  }}
/>

</CollapsibleDetails>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- <Text variant="headingXs">
+ <Text variant="headingSm">
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Replace `heading4xl` with `heading3xl`

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component-prop <path> --componentName="Text" --from="variant" --to="variant" --fromValue="heading4xl" --toValue="heading3xl"`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">

<Code
  code={{
    title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Text variant="heading4xl" /> prop`,

>     code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?variant?="heading4xl"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    code: String.raw`<Text[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?variant="heading4xl"`,
```

```diff
- border-radius: var(--p-border-radius-1);
+ border-radius: var(--p-border-radius-100);
```

```diff
- border-width: var(--p-border-width-1);
+ border-width: var(--p-border-width-025);
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v12-styles-replace-custom-property-border <path>`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">
  <p>
    After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
    instances of `border` custom properties across all file types:
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded border custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-border-radius-0-experimental|--p-border-radius-05|--p-border-radius-1|--p-border-radius-1_5-experimental|--p-border-radius-2|--p-border-radius-3|--p-border-radius-4|--p-border-radius-5|--p-border-radius-6|--p-border-width-1|--p-border-width-1-experimental|--p-border-width-2|--p-border-width-2-experimental|--p-border-width-3|--p-border-width-4|--p-border-width-5)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Tooltip borderRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Tooltip borderRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Tooltip[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderEndStartRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderEndStartRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderEndStartRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderEndEndRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderEndEndRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderEndEndRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderStartStartRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderStartStartRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderStartStartRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderStartEndRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderStartEndRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderStartEndRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderWidth`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderBlockStartWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderBlockStartWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderBlockStartWidth`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderBlockEndWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderBlockEndWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderBlockEndWidth`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderInlineStartWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderInlineStartWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderInlineStartWidth`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderInlineEndWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderInlineEndWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderInlineEndWidth`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box outlineWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineWidth`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated ShadowBevel borderRadius props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <ShadowBevel borderRadius="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<ShadowBevel[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderRadius`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Divider borderWidth props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Divider borderWidth="..." /> prop`,
```

    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed
    in the replacement map for this step (see table below):
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Card background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Card background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Card[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box outlineColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Divider borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Divider borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Divider[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Banner textColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Banner textColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Banner[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?textColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box color props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box color="..." /> prop`,
```

| `--p-color-border-critical-subdued`                      | `--p-color-border-critical`                |
| `--p-color-border-magic-strong`                          | `--p-color-border-magic-secondary`         |

</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Color migration step 2

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'Polaris Migrator codemod for step 2',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v12-styles-replace-custom-property-color <path> --step=2`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation for step 2">
  <p>
    After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
    instances of `color` custom properties across all file types:
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box outlineColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated --p-color-bg-app token',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-color-bg-app)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed
    in the replacement map for this step (see table below):
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Card background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Card background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Card[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box outlineColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Divider borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Divider borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Divider[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Banner textColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Banner textColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Banner[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?textColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box color props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box color="..." /> prop`,
```

| `--p-color-bg-transparent-primary-experimental`            | `rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.62)` |
| `--p-color-bg-transparent-secondary-disabled-experimental` | `rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.08)` |

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation for step 3">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `color` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded color custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-color-bg-transparent-primary-experimental|--p-color-bg-transparent-secondary-disabled-experimental)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed

>     in the replacement map for this step (see table below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in the replacement map for this step (see table above):
```

  </p>
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box background props',
      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Card background props',
      code: String.raw`<Card[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderColor props',
      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineColor props',
      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Divider borderColor props',
      code: String.raw`<Divider[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Banner textColor props',
      code: String.raw`<Banner[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?textColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box color props',
      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?color`,
    }}
  />
</CollapsibleDetails>

#### Color migration step 4

> `on-color` is being replaced by `on-bg-fill` tokens. These tokens will no longer be the same value but tailored to the bg color the element is sitting on. This gives us greater control over the visual design of the admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`on-color` is being replaced by `on-bg-fill` tokens. These tokens will no longer be the same value but tailored to the background color the element is sitting on. This gives us greater control over the visual design of the admin.
```

If you want to unblock your migration quickly you can manually hardcode the values using the following replacement map:

| Deprecated Token          | Replacement Value        |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| `--p-color-icon-on-color` | `rgba(255, 255, 255, 1)` |
| `--p-color-text-on-color` | `rgba(255, 255, 255, 1)` |

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation for step 4">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `color` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded color custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-color-icon-on-color|--p-color-text-on-color)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed

>     in the replacement map for this step (see table below):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in the replacement map for this step (see table above):
```

| `--p-color-bg-transparent-primary-experimental`            | `rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.62)` |
| `--p-color-bg-transparent-secondary-disabled-experimental` | `rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.08)` |

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation for step 3">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `color` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded color custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-color-bg-transparent-primary-experimental|--p-color-bg-transparent-secondary-disabled-experimental)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed
    in the replacement map for this step (see table above):
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Card background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Card background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Card[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box outlineColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Divider borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Divider borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Divider[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Banner textColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Banner textColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Banner[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?textColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box color props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box color="..." /> prop`,
```

`on-color` is being replaced by `on-bg-fill` tokens. These tokens will no longer be the same value but tailored to the background color the element is sitting on. This gives us greater control over the visual design of the admin.

If you want to unblock your migration quickly you can manually hardcode the values using the following replacement map:

| Deprecated Token          | Replacement Value        |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| `--p-color-icon-on-color` | `rgba(255, 255, 255, 1)` |
| `--p-color-text-on-color` | `rgba(255, 255, 255, 1)` |

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation for step 4">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `color` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded color custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-color-icon-on-color|--p-color-text-on-color)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed
    in the replacement map for this step (see table above):
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Card background props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Card background="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Card[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?background`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box outlineColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box outlineColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?outlineColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Divider borderColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Divider borderColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Divider[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?borderColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Banner textColor props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Banner textColor="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Banner[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?textColor`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box color props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box color="..." /> prop`,
```

  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation for step 1">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `shadow` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded font custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-shadow-inset-lg|--p-shadow-inset-md|--p-shadow-inset-sm|--p-shadow-none|--p-shadow-xs|--p-shadow-sm|--p-shadow-md|--p-shadow-lg|--p-shadow-xl|--p-shadow-2xl|--p-shadow-bevel-experimental|--p-shadow-card-sm-experimental|--p-shadow-card-md-experimental|--p-shadow-card-lg-experimental|--p-shadow-button-experimental|--p-shadow-button-hover-experimental|--p-shadow-button-disabled-experimental|--p-shadow-button-primary-strong-experimental|--p-shadow-button-primary-strong-inset-experimental|--p-shadow-button-primary-strong-hover-experimental|--p-shadow-border-inset-experimental)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed
    in the replacement map for this step (see table below):
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box shadow props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box shadow="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?shadow`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated ShadowBevel boxShadow props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <ShadowBevel boxShadow="..." /> prop`,
```

| `--p-shadow-button-primary-hover-experimental` | `--p-shadow-button-primary-critical-hover`<br/>`--p-shadow-button-primary-success-hover` |
| `--p-shadow-button-inset-experimental`         | `--p-shadow-button-primary-critical-inset`<br/>`--p-shadow-button-primary-success-inset` |

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `shadow` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded font custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-shadow-button-primary-experimental|--p-shadow-button-primary-hover-experimental|--p-shadow-button-inset-experimental)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    Only replace instances flagged by the RegExp below if they are values listed
    in the replacement map for this step (see table below):
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box shadow props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box shadow="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?shadow`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated ShadowBevel boxShadow props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <ShadowBevel boxShadow="..." /> prop`,
```

<CollapsibleDetails summary="💡 Migration example">

```diff
- padding: var(--p-space-1);
+ padding: var(--p-space-100);
```

</CollapsibleDetails>

<Code
  code={{
    title: 'polaris-migrator codemod',
    className: 'language-bash',
    code: String.raw`npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v12-styles-replace-custom-property-space <path>`,
  }}
/>

<CollapsibleDetails summary="✅ Post-migration RegExp validation">
  After migrating, use the following RegExp to check for any additional
  instances of `space` custom properties across all file types:
  <Code
    code={{
      title:
        'Check RegExp for hardcoded font custom properties across all file types',
      code: String.raw`(?:--p-space-05|--p-space-1|--p-space-1_5-experimental|--p-space-2|--p-space-3|--p-space-4|--p-space-5|--p-space-6|--p-space-8|--p-space-10|--p-space-12|--p-space-16 |--p-space-20 |--p-space-24|--p-space-28 |--p-space-32)(?![\w-])`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Tooltip padding props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Tooltip padding="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Tooltip[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?padding`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    **⚠️ Important**: The RegExp you use here will depend on if you've run
    component migrations. If you have not then use `HorizontalGrid` if you have
    then use `InlineGrid`.
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated HorizontalGrid gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <HorizontalGrid gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<HorizontalGrid[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated InlineGrid gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <InlineGrid gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<InlineGrid[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box padding props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box padding="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?padding`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box paddingBlockStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box paddingBlockStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?paddingBlockStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box paddingBlockEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box paddingBlockEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?paddingBlockEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box paddingInlineStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box paddingInlineStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?paddingInlineStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box paddingInlineEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box paddingInlineEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?paddingInlineEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box insetBlockStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box insetBlockStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?insetBlockStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box insetBlockEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box insetBlockEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?insetBlockEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box insetInlineStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box insetInlineStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?insetInlineStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Box insetInlineEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Box insetInlineEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Box[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?insetInlineEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    **⚠️ Important**: The RegExp you use here will depend on if you've run
    component migrations. If you have not then use `VerticalStack` if you have
    then use `BlockStack`.
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated VerticalStack gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <VerticalStack gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<VerticalStack[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated BlockStack gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <BlockStack gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<BlockStack[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <p>
    **⚠️ Important**: The RegExp you use here will depend on if you've run
    component migrations. If you have not then use `HorizontalStack` if you have
    then use `InlineStack`.
  </p>
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated HorizontalStack gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <HorizontalStack gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<HorizontalStack[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated InlineStack gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <InlineStack gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<InlineStack[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Choice bleed props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Choice bleed="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Choice[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleed`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Choice bleedBlockStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Choice bleedBlockStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Choice[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Choice bleedBlockEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Choice bleedBlockEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Choice[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Choice bleedInlineStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Choice bleedInlineStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Choice[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedInlineStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Choice bleedInlineEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Choice bleedInlineEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Choice[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedInlineEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated RadioButton bleed props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <RadioButton bleed="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<RadioButton[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleed`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated RadioButton bleedBlockStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <RadioButton bleedBlockStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<RadioButton[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated RadioButton bleedBlockEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <RadioButton bleedBlockEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<RadioButton[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated RadioButton bleedInlineStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <RadioButton bleedInlineStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<RadioButton[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedInlineStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated RadioButton bleedInlineEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <RadioButton bleedInlineEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<RadioButton[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedInlineEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Checkbox bleed props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Checkbox bleed="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Checkbox[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleed`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Checkbox bleedBlockStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Checkbox bleedBlockStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Checkbox[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Checkbox bleedBlockEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Checkbox bleedBlockEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Checkbox[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{
      title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Checkbox bleedBlockEnd props',
      code: String.raw`<Checkbox[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedBlockEnd`,
    }}

>   />

Reviewer: Duplicate of above regex search so can be removed

```suggestion
```

  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Checkbox bleedInlineStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Checkbox bleedInlineStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Checkbox[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedInlineStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Checkbox bleedInlineEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Checkbox bleedInlineEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Checkbox[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?bleedInlineEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Stack gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Stack gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Stack[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Grid gap props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Grid gap="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Grid[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gap`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Grid gapX props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Grid gapX="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Grid[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gapX`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Grid gapY props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Grid gapY="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Grid[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?gapY`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Card padding props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Card padding="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Card[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?padding`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Bleed marginInline props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Bleed marginInline="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Bleed[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?marginInline`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Bleed marginBlock props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Bleed marginBlock="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Bleed[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?marginBlock`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Bleed marginBlockStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Bleed marginBlockStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Bleed[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?marginBlockStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Bleed marginBlockEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Bleed marginBlockEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Bleed[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?marginBlockEnd`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Bleed marginInlineStart props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Bleed marginInlineStart="..." /> prop`,
```

      code: String.raw`<Bleed[^>\w](?:[^>]|\n)*?marginInlineStart`,
    }}
  />
  <Code
    code={{

>       title: 'Check RegExp for outdated Bleed marginInlineEnd props',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      title: `Check RegExp for outdated <Bleed marginInlineEnd="..." /> prop`,
```

| `--p-space-28`               | `--p-space-2800`  |
| `--p-space-32`               | `--p-space-3200`  |

</CollapsibleDetails>

## Manual updates and fixes

### A new web font

The new design language comes with a web font called [Inter via Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Inter).

> Polaris references this font but doesn't load it. Apps will need to load the font, otherwise it will fallback to the user's system font.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polaris references this font but does not load it. Your app will need to load the font, otherwise it will fallback to the user's system font.
```
